[Term Entry] Java Calendar isSet() (#3141)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/calendar/terms/isSet/isSet.md

---
Title: '.isSet()'
Description: 'Checks whether the given calendar field has a value set or not.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Calendar'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.isSet(int calndr_field)`** method in `Calendar` class is used to check whether the given calendar field has a `value` set or not. All the `Cases` for which the values have been set by the calculations of the internal field are triggered by a `get` method call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.isSet()`** method in `Calendar` class is used to check whether the given calendar field has a value set or not. All the cases for which the values have been set by the calculations of the internal field are triggered by a `get` method call.
```
The second sentence is not that clear. Can you rephrase it so it is more obvious what you're trying to say?

Author: Thank you for the feedback. I hope that it looks better with the new changes!

## Syntax

```pseudo

> public final boolean isSet(int calndr_field)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
result = myCalendar.isSet(calendar_field)
```
We like an example of the function in use rather than the signature.

```

> 

Reviewer: Need some description of the syntax. Especially  the possiblities for `calendar_field`.

---
Title: '.isSet()'
Description: 'Checks whether the given calendar field has a value set or not.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Calendar'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.isSet()`** method in `Calendar` class is used to check whether the given calendar field has a value set or not. This method returns `true` if the given calendar field has a value set, `false` otherwise. It returns true when the given parameter has been set by internal field interpretations. `isSet()` method is a non-static method, it is accessible with the class object.

Reviewer 2: This definition is an exact match to other documentation, such as the link below. Whether this was intentional or not, this is plagiarism. There is no plagiarism permitted in docs. All entries must be original. Please revise the content to use your own words.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/calendar-isset-method-in-java-with-examples/#:~:text=The%20isSet(int%20calndr_field)%20method,by%20a%20get%20method%20call.

## Syntax

```pseudo
result = myCalendar.isSet(calendar_field)
```

> Parameters: The method takes one parameter calndr_field that refers to the `calendar_field` which is to be operated upon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Parameters: The method takes one parameter, `calendar_field`, that refers to the specific field to be operated upon.
```

> Return Value: The method either returns `true` if the value of the calendar field is set, else it returns `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Return Value: The method either returns `true` if the value of the field is set, else it returns `false`.
```

> > **Note:** Please note that the `Calendar` class has been replaced by the `LocalDate`, `LocalTime`, and `LocalDateTime` classes in the Java 8 and later Date and Time API. These classes provide a more modern and user-friendly API for working with dates and times in Java.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The `Calendar` class has been replaced by the `LocalDate`, `LocalTime`, and `LocalDateTime` classes in the Java 8 and later Date and Time API. These classes provide a more modern and user-friendly API for working with dates and times in Java.
```

## Example

The following example shows the usage of `java.util.calendar.isSet()` method.

```java

> import java.util.*;

Reviewer 2: examples should used 2 spaces not tabs and comments should begin with a capital
// Create a calendar

---
Title: '.isSet()'
Description: 'Checks whether the given calendar field has a value set or not.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Methods'
  - 'Calendar'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.isSet()`** method in `Calendar` class is used to check whether the given calendar field has a value set or not. This method returns `true` if the given calendar field has a value set, `false` otherwise. It returns true when the given parameter has been set by internal field interpretations. `isSet()` method is a non-static method, it is accessible with the class object.
> 
> 
> 
> ## Syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.isSet()`** method in `Calendar` class is used to check whether the given calendar field has a value set or not. This method returns `true` if the given calendar field has a value set, `false` otherwise. It returns true when the given parameter has been set by internal field interpretations. `isSet()` method is a non-static method, it is accessible with the class object.

## Syntax
```
Remove extra lines.

```pseudo
result = myCalendar.isSet(calendar_field)
```

> **Parameters:** The method takes one parameter calndr_field that refers to the calendar field which is to be operated upon.
> **Return Value:** The method either returns True if the value of the calendar field is set else it returns False.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parameters: The method takes one parameter `calendar_field` that refers to the calendar field which is to be operated upon.
Return Value: The method either returns `true` if the value of the calendar field is set, else it returns `false`.
```
